Update hotkeys.md (#520)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: Documentation~/hotkeys.md

# ProBuilder keyboard shortcuts (hotkeys)

Many ProBuilder actions have a keyboard shortcut, and you can also configure your own shortcuts.

> For a list of all shortcuts, and to add shortcuts, go to **Main MEnu** > **Unity** > **Settings**.

Author: Mac and Windows have different menu names?

> For a list of all shortcuts, and to add shortcuts, go to **Main MEnu** > **Unity** > **Settings**.

Reviewer: **Edit > Shortcuts** is how you open the Shortcuts manager on my machine. How about something like 

```suggestion
For a list of all shortcuts, and to add shortcuts, go to **Edit > Shortcuts** to open the [Shortcuts manager](xref:ShortcutsManager).
```
